Well, what I'm going to do
now is share with you a series,
an analysis of Social Media
Advertising so we understand
why it's so powerful, why
it's grown so much and why
it's so beneficial for.
We will highlight six factors.
One is the scope.
This is obvious, it is common sense.
Each of these platforms has
hundreds of millions, billions
of users.
This is a great advantage because it allows
you to grow very, very obviously.
The second is segmentation.
Social media is taking segmentation
to the extreme.
There is no one who has so much
data that allows you to segment so much.
I will give you an example.
Do you want to do a campaign where
you want to target Product Managers
of companies that have between
50 and 150 employees?
You can do it on LinkedIn.
You can segment to that point.
The third is commitment.
This is a broad concept, but if we
compare it with other types of strategies
you will understand it well.
You when you make ads, you make an ad,
because it does the same on television
or a banner in a digital medium,
for example.
It's outbound marketing, you
impact it, and so on.
There is no bidirectionality.
When it comes to social media,
it is a little different.
Today we are talking about advertising
on social media.
That is, we are paying to impact
you, but still there is more engagement,
there is more bidirectionality.
Why is?
For many reasons.
Because that person can like,
comment, follow you,
because you can do so through
different profiles, personal
profiles, etc.
It's true that it's push marketing,
but it's more bidirectional and that
generates more engagement with
that audience you impact.
And already, for example, if you get
him to follow you, then you will be
able to impact him in a different way.
Another very important factor to take
into account is that social
networks, these platforms allow
us to manage the entire conversion
funnel, allow us from making prospecting,
which would be to impact people
who don't know us or who have never
impacted us, then do all the follow-
up, go down, go doing all
the nurturing, capture the
lead, convince you, make
offers to those who have
bought, return to impact
them, etc.
This is an advantage.
And as always I want to compare it with
other channels so that you understand
the If we make an advertisement on television,
we impact it on television
and it's already.
And then maybe you get to our website
or you don't get or whatever.
And the extreme is the social network,
in which we can impact you thousands
of times in different formats and
with different messages.
Prospecting, leads generation,
nurturing, sale, repetition,
fidelization, etc.
We can manage the whole funnel,
stay with that.
Another advantage is that social
media, this type of advertising,
is very conversion-oriented.
It is very oriented to your final goals,
which is not only generating traffic,
but capturing the lead or generating
sales, etc.
Generating of income.
We go to the extreme again.
We are going to make a radio
campaign.
What do you get from the
radio campaign?
Do you get awareness?
Do you get branding?
Do you get people to know you?
We have sometimes made radio
campaigns trying to generate
traffic, for example, for
an app, for a landing page.
There was no traffic.
What you were doing was positioning
yourself in the minds of
millions of people.
Social networks are different.
In social media, we always invest
with a very direct
conversion goal.
And that is what we measure.
On the platforms, you'll see it
on Facebook, it allows us to
measure absolutely all metrics
instantly.
If you are generating lead, if you
are generating purchases, etc.
It is therefore more aligned with
the objectives usually set by
companies.
Most importantly, the companies
that we want is conversion, that
what we want is short-term income.
And finally, I want you to keep in
mind that they are easy to use platforms,
which are very developed,
very optimized and that you can
get in, sign up to your account
and within half an hour you
will have ads in motion.
This is also an advantage, in addition
to the fact that the minimum investment
is very small, etc.